add integrations tests + docs (#23)
conduitio-labs/conduit-connector-dynamodb: README.md

# Conduit Connector for DynamoDB

> ![connector-dynamodb-readme](https://static.scarf.sh/a.png?x-pxid=cbb3901b-e502-4106-aa10-0b0726532dd6)

Reviewer: Nitpick - can we move this to the bottom of the file? Otherwise it shows up as an empty space in front of this line.

Author: oops, I added it to the bottom and forgot to delete this one :D done!

The DynamoDB connector is one of [Conduit](https://github.com/ConduitIO/conduit) standalone plugins. It provides a source
connector for [DynamoDB](https://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb/).

## How to build?

Run `make build` to build the connector.

## Testing

Run `make test` to run all the unit tests.

Run `make test-integration` to run all the integration tests. Tests require Docker to be installed and running.
The command will handle starting and stopping docker containers for you.

## Source
A source connector that pulls data from a DynamoDB table to downstream resources via Conduit.

The connector starts with a snapshot of the data currently existent in the table, sends these records to the 
destination one by one, then start the CDC (Change Data Capture) mode which will listen to events happening on the table

> in real time, and sends these event records to the destination (these events include: `updates`, `deletes`, and `inserts`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connector starts with a snapshot of the data currently existent in the table, sends these records to the 
destination, then starts the CDC (Change Data Capture) mode which will listen to events happening on the table
in real-time, and sends these event records to the destination (these events include: `updates`, `deletes`, and `inserts`).
```

For the source connector to get CDC events, it uses [DynamoDB Streams](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/Streams.html), 

> so you need to enable the stream before running the connector, check these docs for [how to enable your DynamoDB Stream](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/Streams.html#Streams.Enabling).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source connector uses [DynamoDB Streams](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/Streams.html) to get CDC events,
so you need to enable the stream before running the connector. Check out the documentation for [how to enable a DynamoDB Stream](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/Streams.html#Streams.Enabling).
```
